I still remeber the first time I met Tommy. It was the start of my freshman year at college and I was on a weekend retreat with the campus ministry CCF. We were all playing some relay type game in a large field and I remember meeting the guy in front of me. Natural first few questions when meeting someone in college you ask each other where you're from. I don't know if it's the things that would happen over the course of the next 4 years or just my mere innocence and stud[idity when answering the question but this particular greeting is one I remember clearly. Tommy responds saying he's from Hong Kong which I immediatley make some off had statement about China to which Tommy quickly corrects saying Hong Kong isn't really China and that they have their own government. At the time I felt foolish and appologized a lot for my typicall missourian comment. But little did I know just how much this encounter would mean in the years to come. 

As our friendship grew I heard many many times all the wonderful things about Hong Kong and just how cool of a place it is from Tommy. So naturally after our senior year and a few months into dating long distance I just had to go there and find out how great it was myself. Now you might be wondering why I'm sharing our love story when you thought this post was about Hong Kong and the protest going on there and you are right in wondering that. This far from a love story about Tommy and I it is a love story about Hong Kong and the people who grew up there. 

I've already told you all how little I knew of Hong Kong going into college, as far as I knew at the time it was just another city in what I assumed was China. Before moving there in 2016 I knew a little more, but still mostly just things I had heard from Tommy. I knew they had great food, good shopping and intense education system but what I didn't know is that there was so much more to Hong Kong than that. Upon arriving in Hong Kong one of the first things you will notice is it's beautiful symetry between nature and city. There is this crazy mixture when leaving the airport that is located on one of the outer islands of traveling over the ocean and through the mountains all the while passing skyscrappers all around. 